README.md, before:

# Zendesk Parking App Exercise

## A command line parking system app written with Python.

## Requirements:
- Python 3.8.4 or above

## Running the app:

Run the file via command line and upload file when prompted:
1. Valid file: ./upload_file/valid_input/valid_input.txt
2. Invalid files: ./upload_file/invalid_input/{select file}

```
python parking-app.py
```

Input:
```
3 4 
Enter motorcycle SGX1234A 1613541902 
Enter car SGF9283P 1613541902 
Exit SGX1234A 1613545602 
Enter car SGP2937F 1613546029 
Enter car SDW2111W 1613549730 
Enter car SSD9281L 1613549740 
Exit SDW2111W 1613559745  
```

The first line of input creates a car park dictionary of 7 total available lots; 3 car lots and 4 motorcycle lots.

```
car_park = {
    "car_lot": {
        "CarLot1": ["empty", "empty"],
        "CarLot2": ["empty", "empty"],
        "CarLot3": ["empty", "empty"],
    },
    "motorcycle_lot": {
        "MotorcycleLot1": ["empty", "empty"],
        "MotorcycleLot2": ["empty", "empty"],
        "MotorcycleLot3": ["empty", "empty"],
    }
}
```

The first index of the ["empty", "empty"] array signifies the vehicle plate number while the second index stores the timestamp.

Upon a vehicle entering the parking lot, the parking lot with the lowest index will be filled first.
```
Enter motorcycle SGX1234A 1613541902 
```
```
car_park = {
    "car_lot": {
        "CarLot1": ["empty", "empty"],
        "CarLot2": ["empty", "empty"],
        "CarLot3": ["empty", "empty"],
    },
    "motorcycle_lot": {
        "MotorcycleLot1": ["SGX1234A", "1613541902"],
        "MotorcycleLot2": ["empty", "empty"],
        "MotorcycleLot3": ["empty", "empty"],
    }
}
```

And upon a vehicle leaving, the respective lot will be vacated and the parking fee would be calculated.

When a particular parking lot is full, vehicles would be rejected from entering the car park. 

```
Output:
Accept MotorcycleLot1
Accept CarLot1
MotorcycleLot1 2
Accept CarLot2
Accept CarLot3
Reject
CarLot3 6
```

Commit message:

added more information into readme

README.md, after:

# Zendesk Parking App Exercise

## A command line parking system app written with Python.

## Requirements:
- Python 3.8.4 or above

## Running the app:

Run the file via command line and upload file when prompted:
1. Valid file: ./upload_file/valid_input/valid_input.txt
2. Invalid files: ./upload_file/invalid_input/{select file}

```
python parking-app.py
```

Input:
```
3 4 
Enter motorcycle SGX1234A 1613541902 
Enter car SGF9283P 1613541902 
Exit SGX1234A 1613545602 
Enter car SGP2937F 1613546029 
Enter car SDW2111W 1613549730 
Enter car SSD9281L 1613549740 
Exit SDW2111W 1613559745  
```

The first line of input creates a car park dictionary of 7 total available lots; 3 car lots and 4 motorcycle lots.

```
car_park = {
    "car_lot": {
        "CarLot1": ["empty", "empty"],
        "CarLot2": ["empty", "empty"],
        "CarLot3": ["empty", "empty"],
    },
    "motorcycle_lot": {
        "MotorcycleLot1": ["empty", "empty"],
        "MotorcycleLot2": ["empty", "empty"],
        "MotorcycleLot3": ["empty", "empty"],
    }
}
```

The first index of the ["empty", "empty"] array signifies the vehicle plate number while the second index stores the timestamp.

Upon a vehicle entering the parking lot, the parking lot with the lowest index will be filled first.
```
Enter motorcycle SGX1234A 1613541902 
```
```
car_park = {
    "car_lot": {
        "CarLot1": ["empty", "empty"],
        "CarLot2": ["empty", "empty"],
        "CarLot3": ["empty", "empty"],
    },
    "motorcycle_lot": {
        "MotorcycleLot1": ["SGX1234A", "1613541902"],
        "MotorcycleLot2": ["empty", "empty"],
        "MotorcycleLot3": ["empty", "empty"],
    }
}
```

And upon a vehicle leaving, the respective lot will be vacated and the parking fee would be calculated, with the parking fee being $2/hr and $1/hr for cars and motorcycles respectively. The parking fee will be rounded up to the nearest dollar.

When a particular parking lot is full, vehicles would be rejected from entering the car park. 

```
Output:
Accept MotorcycleLot1
Accept CarLot1
MotorcycleLot1 2
Accept CarLot2
Accept CarLot3
Reject
CarLot3 6
```

## Error handling
Assuming the structure of the input file is as mentioned above and that the input file has is in .txt format, the application has been designed to throw an error when the input file is erroneous. Such cases include:
1. Extension of input file is not .txt
2. Input file is empty
3. Spelling error and/or invalid inputs
4. Missing information
